**PsychoJS Server**

Serves and manages PsychoPy experiments exported as html.

Requires: Python 3.6 with libraries: `Flask waitress python-dateutil`

**To start the server** run *serve.py*.

**Server settings** are located at the top of *serve.py*.

The default port is 8080. If you need to change the server port, edit this file.

**Endpoints**

| Endpoint | What is it for? | Requires Login |
|---|---|---|
| manage\/ | Lists the currently hosted studies and a menu of options  | Yes |
| manage\/\<study\>\/ | Options for managing and updating a specific study | Yes |
| participate\/<code\> | Uses an invite code or secret URL to access a study | No |
| study\/\<study\>\/ | Direct access to a study | Depends on settings |

**Creating and editing studies**

When creating or uploading a new version of a study, select the *html folder* generated by PsychoPy via *Export Html*.

If you get a *missing resource error*, make sure that the *html folder* contains a folder called *resources*, and that this
folder contains all the resources you use in your PsychoPy study.

**Running studies**

When you first create a study, it will show up as *inactive* and will not accept subjects. You can activate it on the manage page for the specific study. Active studies can be deactivated from this same page.

**Study Access Options**

If the server is set to deny unauthorized access to studies, you can give temporary access to subjects by using *invite codes*
or a *secret URL*.

*Invite codes* give access to one session of a study. If your study is active with the correct access setting, you can generate them from the study's manage page. The option will give you URLs with the code already entered, which you can then send to the subject.

A *Secret URL* gives unlimited access to anyone who has the URL. These may be more convenient if you need to give access to many participants at once or cannot provide more than one URL to subjects. You get a Secret URL by picking a relevant access setting while activating your study, and the URL is revoked once you deactivate the study.
